New questions to GitHub Actions (#245)
FidelusAleksander/ghcertified: content/questions/actions/question-118.md

---
question: "How can you skip the following workflow run when you commit or create a PR?"
archetype: "questions"
title: "Question 118"
draft: false
---

```yaml
name: Build
on: [push, pull_request]

jobs:
  build:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    name: Extract artifact version
...
```

>https://docs.github.com/en/actions/managing-workflow-runs/skipping-workflow-runs

> 1. [x] By defining the following keywords in the commit message or in the title of the pull-request

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [x] By including any one of the following keywords in the commit message or in the title of the pull-request
```

Author: updated
